{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \

\f1\b Variables:\
\
Seller Name: \
Buyer Name:\
IP address being sold:\
Purchase Price:\
Price per IP:\
Broker Commission %: \
Target Signing Date:\
Target Closing Date:\
Seller ORG-ID:\
Buyer ORG-ID:\
Transfer Type:\
Seller Ticket Number:\
Net $ to Seller\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
Seller => Buyer,  Transaction Summary for Sale of [IP Block]\

\f0\b0 \

\f1\b Buyer
\f0\b0 : var2 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Seller
\f0\b0 : var1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 IPv4 Subnet Transferring to Buyer: 
\f0\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
var3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Seller\'92s ARIN
\f0\b0 : ORG-ID: var9\

\f1\b Buyer\'92s RIPE
\f0\b0 : ORG-ID: var10\
\

\f1\b Seller Ticket Number
\f0\b0 : var12\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \

\f1\b Purchase Price
\f0\b0 : var4\
\

\f1\b Price Per IP
\f0\b0 : var5\
\

\f1\b Broker Commission
\f0\b0 : var6\
\

\f1\b Net $ to Seller
\f0\b0 : var13\
\
\

\f1\b Timing:
\f0\b0  Target signing by var7 and close by var8\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 Transaction Steps [ARIN to RIPE]
\f0\b0 \
\
1. Finalize Purchase Agreement for signature; \
2. All parties sign Purchase Agreement\
3. Seller starts transfer ticket with ARIN \
4. Buyer starts internal PO approval and wire process.\
5. ARIN will issue Seller a $500 invoice for the ARIN transfer fee (send this invoice to Connexly to pay if this can\'92t be paid with Corporate Card on same day. ARIN won\'92t work on the ticket until this is done)\
6. Seller finalizes ticket with ARIN. This requires an officer of Seller to sign and notarize ARIN Source Affidavit confirming corporate approval of permanent transfer to Buyer (I will send the ARIN required form so we can start legal review/signature process)\
7. Buyer to fund into escrow within [10 business days following signing] \
8. Escrow agent to confirm receipt of funds\
10. Seller submits the above affidavit to ARIN to finalize the transfer ticket\
11. ARIN approves the transfer and contacts RIPE to process\
12. RIPE approves the transfer to Buyer (typically 5-7 business days following receipt of transfer request from ARIN)\
13. ARIN and RIPE coordinate on the transfer, and RIPE WHOIS updates to show Buyer as the registered owner of [var3]\
14. Escrow Agent releases funds\
15.Transaction Closed\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb1 Transaction Steps [ARIN to ARIN]
\f0\b0 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 1. Finalize Purchase Agreement for signature; \
2. All parties sign Purchase Agreement\
3. Seller starts transfer ticket with ARIN; send ticket # to John Mills.\
4. Buyer starts internal PO approval and wire process.\
5. ARIN will issue Seller a $500 invoice for the ARIN transfer fee (send this invoice to Connexly to pay if this can\'92t be paid with Corporate Card on same day. ARIN won\'92t work on the ticket until this is done)\
6. Seller finalizes ticket with ARIN. This requires an officer of Seller to sign and notarize ARIN Source Affidavit confirming corporate approval of permanent transfer to Buyer (I will send the ARIN required form so you start legal review/signature process)\
7. Buyer funds purchase price into escrow within [10 business days following signing] \
8. Escrow agent confirms receipt of funds\
9. Seller submits the above affidavit to ARIN to finalize the transfer ticket\
10. ARIN approves transfer to Buyer\
11. ARIN WHOIS updates to show Buyer as the registered owner of the [var3]\
13. Escrow Agent releases funds\
14.Transaction Closed\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \
Escrow Release Instructions
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1\b Net Proceeds to Seller
\f0\b0 : $\

\f1\b Connexly commission for discovery, recovery and sale:
\f0\b0   \

\f1\b Escrow Fee:
\f0\b0  $\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth18720\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1445\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6563\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2498\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1775\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4704\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl144 \clpadr144 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1) 
\f1\b Seller Proceeds:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Account Name:  \uc0\u8232 Bank: \
Routing #: \uc0\u8232 Account #:\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Branch Address\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0  \
\'a0\
\

\f1\b \'a0
\f0\b0 \
2)\'a0
\f1\b IPv4 Assets, Inc. :[Broker amount x .5]
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 US Bank\
Account No.:\
Routing No: \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Branch Address
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 689 N Redwood Rd\
Saratoga Springs, UT 84045\
\'a0\

\f1\b IPv4 Assets Corporate Address
\f0\b0 \
3712 E Long Ridge Dr.\
Eagle Mountain, UT 84005\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\'a0\
3)\'a0
\f1\b Data-Centers.com, Inc.:  [Broker amount x .5]
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Wells Fargo Bank\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Account No: \
Routing No: 121000248\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Branch Address
\f0\b0 \
2925 Woodside Rd,\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Woodside, CA 94062\uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b Data-centers.com, Inc. Corporate Address
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1712 Pioneer Ave., Suite 683\
Cheyenne, WY 82001\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1920\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Extra content
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1\b Purchase Agreement:
\f0\b0  Customary terms for IPv4 transactions; Buyer will fund the entire purchase price into escrow to be released to your account once the transfer has completed. Either party can terminate if the transaction has not closed within 60 days.  \
\

\f1\b Escrow Agreement:
\f0\b0  The purchase price is held in trust by Connexly pending the closing. The net proceeds will be released to you as Seller within one business day following completion of the transfer (i.e., WHOIS has updated to show Buyer as the registered owner of [var3].\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Seller to Buyer; ARIN 8.4 Transfer Instructions (ARIN to RIPE)
\f0\b0 \
\'a0\
Dear Team Buyer, here are the transfer instructions to initiate the transfer with ARIN.  Let me know if you have any questions or want to do a screen share.\
\
\'a0\
Please login to your ARIN account and go to the Dashboard. You will see \'93Transfer Resources\'94 on the lefthand column.\'a0 Click that and click the bubbles as indicated in the screenshot below.\
\'a0\
In the next step, you will need to add the appropriate CIDR to transfer: \'a0\
\'a0\
Click to add and then hit \'93Next.\'94\
\'a0\
\'a0\

\f1\b Recipient Information:
\f0\b0 \'a0\
*Recipient Organization Name: Microsoft Limited\
*Legal (Postal) Address:\'a0 Thames Valley Park\
*City:\'a0 Reading\
*Country: UK\
*Postal Code:\'a0 RG8 1WG\
*Contact Name:\'a0 Divya Quamara\
*Contact Phone Number: \
*Contact Email Address:\'a0 \
\'a0\

\f1\b Recipient RIR
\f0\b0 : RIPE\
\'a0\

\f1\b Transfer Description
\f0\b0 :\'a0 Transfer of [var3] to var2, var10\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Documentation: N/A, click next.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Review and submit. Send us the ticket number and be on the lookout for the $500 invoice. ARIN won\'92t do anything until that is paid. [Note, once we have the ticket number, we will need to complete the attached Source ACK and submit for notary and signature.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Happy to do a screen share or phone call with you if you have any questions.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \'a0\
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \'a0
\f1\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\
}